---
title: "8.7.3 Comments"
date: "2024-02-13T10:26:00-07:00"
mode: "COMMENTS"
author: Coral Project Team
---

I'm the Doctor, I'm worse than everyone's aunt. _catches himself_ And that is not how I'm introducing myself.
I am the last of my species, and I know how that weighs on the heart so don't lie to me! You've swallowed a planet! Sorry, checking all the water in this area; there's an escaped fish. It's a fez. I wear a fez now. Fezes are cool.

All I've got to do is pass as an ordinary human being. Simple. What could possibly go wrong? Heh-haa! Super squeaky bum time! Saving the world with meals on wheels. All I've got to do is pass as an ordinary human being. Simple. What could possibly go wrong?

_Insistently_ Bow ties are cool! Come on Amy, I'm a normal bloke, tell me what normal blokes do!
_Insistently_ Bow ties are cool! Come on Amy, I'm a normal bloke, tell me what normal blokes do! Annihilate? No. No violence. I won't stand for it. Not now, not ever, do you understand me?! I'm the Doctor, the Oncoming Storm - and you basically meant beat them in a football match, didn't you?

They're not aliens, they're Earth…liens!
You know how I sometimes have really brilliant ideas?
_Insistently_ Bow ties are cool! Come on Amy, I'm a normal bloke, tell me what normal blokes do!
Aw, you're all Mr. Grumpy Face today.
I'm nobody's taxi service; I'm not gonna be there to catch you every time you feel like jumping out of a spaceship. You know how I sometimes have really brilliant ideas? I hate yogurt. It's just stuff with bits in.

I'm nobody's taxi service; I'm not gonna be there to catch you every time you feel like jumping out of a spaceship.
I hate yogurt. It's just stuff with bits in.
Saving the world with meals on wheels.
No, I'll fix it. I'm good at fixing rot. Call me the Rotmeister. No, I'm the Doctor. Don't call me the Rotmeister. No, I'll fix it. I'm good at fixing rot. Call me the Rotmeister. No, I'm the Doctor. Don't call me the Rotmeister.

Annihilate? No. No violence. I won't stand for it. Not now, not ever, do you understand me?! I'm the Doctor, the Oncoming Storm - and you basically meant beat them in a football match, didn't you? I'm the Doctor, I'm worse than everyone's aunt. _catches himself_ And that is not how I'm introducing myself.

You've swallowed a planet! Stop talking, brain thinking. Hush. I hate yogurt. It's just stuff with bits in. You know when grown-ups tell you 'everything's going to be fine' and you think they're probably lying to make you feel better?

I am the last of my species, and I know how that weighs on the heart so don't lie to me! I'm nobody's taxi service; I'm not gonna be there to catch you every time you feel like jumping out of a spaceship.

I am the Doctor, and you are the Daleks! I'm nobody's taxi service; I'm not gonna be there to catch you every time you feel like jumping out of a spaceship. Stop talking, brain thinking. Hush. All I've got to do is pass as an ordinary human being. Simple. What could possibly go wrong?

Heh-haa! Super squeaky bum time! I'm the Doctor, I'm worse than everyone's aunt. _catches himself_ And that is not how I'm introducing myself. Did I mention we have comfy chairs? Stop talking, brain thinking. Hush.

I'm the Doctor. Well, they call me the Doctor. I don't know why. I call me the Doctor too. I still don't know why. It's a fez. I wear a fez now. Fezes are cool. I hate yogurt. It's just stuff with bits in.

No… It's a thing; it's like a plan, but with more greatness. Saving the world with meals on wheels. Annihilate? No. No violence. I won't stand for it. Not now, not ever, do you understand me?! I'm the Doctor, the Oncoming Storm - and you basically meant beat them in a football match, didn't you?

Did I mention we have comfy chairs? Heh-haa! Super squeaky bum time! Sorry, checking all the water in this area; there's an escaped fish. No… It's a thing; it's like a plan, but with more greatness.

You know when grown-ups tell you 'everything's going to be fine' and you think they're probably lying to make you feel better? It's a fez. I wear a fez now. Fezes are cool. The way I see it, every life is a pile of good things and bad things.…hey.…the good things don't always soften the bad things; but vice-versa the bad things don't necessarily spoil the good things and make them unimportant.

No… It's a thing; it's like a plan, but with more greatness. I hate yogurt. It's just stuff with bits in. Stop talking, brain thinking. Hush. You hit me with a cricket bat. Did I mention we have comfy chairs?
