---
title: "Charles Blows the Devil You Know Is a Book for the Times He Argues That You Can Change the South and if You Do You Change America"
date: "2021-02-02T12:28:48-05:00"
mode: "RATINGS_AND_REVIEWS"
author: Coral Project Team
---

The Devil You Know, Charles Blow (HarperCollins) As we head into February, Black History Month, the American broadcaster and commentator has released a book for the times — starting with an interview with Timuel Black, just before his 100th birthday. Black was part of the initial “Great Migration” of Black people from the South, where they had formed a majority of the population in some states, to northern states including Illinois and Pennsylvania, among others. Blow talks about that history, about racism in the U.S. and about reversing that migration. Powerful, with personal stories — he mentions a photo of his great-great-grandmother, who was born a slave, smileless, with her hair wild: “her worries were by no means about the shallowness of glamour but the existential threats to her survival.” With the victory of a Black senator in the 2021 run-off election in Georgia and Black voters helping to elect two Democrats in that state, Blow argues that a reverse migration, back to the South, is already underway and it, combined with political activism, means you can change the South. And if you change the South, he recently said in an interview with MSNBC, you change America.

This Is the Voice, John Colapinto (Simon & Schuster) Canadian journalist and author Colapinto, who is now a full-time writer for the New Yorker, lost his voice after singing with his rock band, a result of ramping up his voice after spending much of his time writing, silently. So began a journey that started with doctor’s appointments and led him into an exploration of the human voice and human speech. It’s about the physicality of the voice: how it developed (in lungfish millions of years ago!); the physicality behind how a voice like Barbra Streisand’s, for example, is so close to perfect; and the science behind how our voices actually work. But it’s also about how our voices helped society develop; the social impact our voice has. It goes down rabbit holes such as fetal hearing and the impact of our mother’s voice during pregnancy. Or how the fact that we can vocalize our ideas has made us the dominant species. Not something we’ve likely thought much about but, like most great non-fiction, it’s a fascinating blend of science, anthropology, sociology and culture. This might, dare I say it, also be the perfect audio book.
